ITEM 1. BUSINESS General Alexander’s, Inc. (NYSE: ALX) is a real estate investment trust (“REIT”), incorporated in Delaware, engaged in leasing, managing, developing and redeveloping its properties. All references to “we,” “us,” “our,” “Company” and “Alexander’s” refer to Alexander’s, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. We are managed by, and our properties are leased and developed by, Vornado Realty Trust (“Vornado”) (NYSE: VNO). We have five properties in New York City consisting of: Operating properties • 731 Lexington Avenue, a 1,080,000 square foot multi-use building, comprising the entire block bounded by Lexington Avenue, East 59 th Street, Third Avenue and East 58 th Street in Manhattan. The building contains 947,000 and 133,000 of rentable square feet of office and retail space, respectively. Bloomberg L.P. (“Bloomberg”) occupies all of the office space. The Home Depot (83,000 square feet) was the principal retail tenant at the property until its lease expired on January 31, 2025; • Rego Park I, a 338,000 square foot shopping center, is located on Queens Boulevard and 63 rd Road in Queens. The center was anchored by a 50,000 square foot Burlington and a 36,000 square foot Marshalls. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we entered into ten-year leases with Burlington and Marshalls to relocate them to our Rego Park II property in 2025. Rego Park I will then be vacant and we are currently exploring sale and development opportunities for the property; • Rego Park II, a 615,000 square foot shopping center, is located adjacent to the Rego Park I shopping center in Queens. The center is anchored by a 145,000 square foot Costco and a 133,000 square foot Kohl’s, which has been subleased; • Flushing, a 167,000 square foot building, located on Roosevelt Avenue and Main Street in Queens, that is subleased to New World Mall LLC. The property is ground leased through January 2027 with one ten-year extension option; and • The Alexander apartment tower, located above our Rego Park II shopping center, contains 312 units aggregating 255,000 square feet. Relationship with Vornado We are managed by, and our properties are leased and developed by, Vornado, pursuant to various agreements which expire in March of each year and are automatically renewable. Vornado is a fully-integrated REIT with significant experience in managing, leasing, developing, and operating office and retail properties. As of December 31, 2024, Vornado owned 32.4% of our outstanding common stock. Steven Roth is the Chairman of our Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, the Managing General Partner of Interstate Properties (“Interstate”), a New Jersey general partnership, and the Chairman of the Board of Trustees and Chief Executive Officer of Vornado. As of December 31, 2024, Mr. Roth, Interstate and its other two general partners, David Mandelbaum and Russell B. Wight, Jr. (who are also directors of the Company and trustees of Vornado) owned, in the aggregate, 26.0% of our outstanding common stock, in addition to the 2.3% they indirectly own through Vornado. 5 Significant Tenant Bloomberg accounted for revenue o f $125,349,000, $120,351,000 and $115,129,000 in the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, representing approximately 55% , 54% and 56% of our rental revenues in each year, respectively. No other tenant accounted for more than 10% of our rental revenues. If we were to lose Bloomberg as a tenant, or if Bloomberg were to be unable to fulfill its obligations under its lease, it would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In order to assist us in our continuing assessment of Bloomberg’s creditworthiness, we receive certain confidential financial information and metrics from Bloomberg. In addition, we access and evaluate financial information regarding Bloomberg from other private sources, as well as publicly available data. Environmental Sustainability Initiatives We have long believed a focus on environmental sustainability is responsible management of our business and important to our tenants, investors, employees and communities that we serve. Since we are externally managed by Vornado, Vornado’s Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of its Board of Trustees is assigned with oversight of sustainability matters at Alexander’s, which includes climate change risk. Environmental sustainability initiatives are carried out by a dedicated team of professionals that work directly with Vornado’s business units. In the discussion below, when we refer to Vornado’s buildings, it includes our buildings. Vornado is an industry leader in sustainability, owning and operating more than 26 million square feet of LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) certified buildings, representing 100% of its certifiable office portfolio, with over 24 million square feet at LEED Gold or Platinum. In 2024, Vornado: • became the first major U.S. real estate owner and operator to achieve 100% LEED certification across its entire portfolio of certifiable in-service buildings; • received a GRESB’s five star rating and an assessment score of 92, placing in the top 3% within Americas/Listed, and the “Green Star” distinction for the twelfth consecutive year; • received the National Association for Real Estate Investment Trusts’ (NAREIT) inaugural “The Impact at Scale Award,” for implementing operational initiatives in the PENN district that advance corporate sustainability and deliver measurable impact; and • was recognized as an EPA ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year with the distinction of having demonstrated nine years of sustained excellence. Vornado prioritizes addressing climate change and in 2019 adopted a 10-year plan to make its buildings carbon neutral by 2030 (“Vision 2030”). Vision 2030 is a multi-faceted approach that prioritizes energy reduction, recovery, and renewable power. Vornado relies on technology, as well as meaningful stakeholder collaboration with its tenants, its employees, and its communities, to achieve this plan. Vornado’s commitment to carbon neutrality and associated emissions reduction targets have been approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative as consistent with a 1.5°C climate scenario limit, the most ambitious goal of the Paris Agreement. Vornado considers sustainability in all aspects of its business, including the design, construction, retrofitting and ongoing maintenance and operations of its portfolio of buildings. Vornado operates its buildings sustainably and efficiently by seeking to establish best practices in energy and water consumption, carbon reduction, resource and waste management and ecologically sensitive procurement. Vornado’s policies, from 100% green cleaning to procuring 100% renewable electricity certificates to energy efficiency, are implemented across its entire portfolio. Vornado undertakes significant outreach with its tenants, employees and investors regarding Vornado’s sustainability programs and strategies. Vornado gathers data to measure progress against its goals, aligns its goals with its tenants, plans for its longer-term projects and engages with its stakeholders in meaningful ways. Vornado uses carbon accounting software, energy audits and models and building automation software to measure and track its portfolio-wide waste, water and energy reduction strategies, create roadmaps for each building to understand how to achieve carbon neutrality and provide accurate and actionable data for its measurement, verification and reporting requirements. Vornado is committed to transparent reporting of sustainability performance indicators and publishes an annual Sustainability Report in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative and aligned with the metrics codified by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board. Vornado also submits public reports to CDP, CSA (the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment) and EP100 (global initiative led by Climate Group). Further details on Vornado’s environmental sustainability initiatives and strategy, including its Vision 2030 Roadmap, can be found in Vornado’s 2023 Sustainability Report at (vno.com/sustainability). There can be no assurance that Vornado’s Vision 2030 commitment will be achieved in the planned time frame. The Sustainability Report is not incorporated by reference and should not be considered part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 6 Competition We operate in a highly competitive environment located in New York City. We compete with a large number of real estate investors, property owners and developers, some of whom may be willing to accept lower returns on their investments. Principal factors of competition are rents charged, tenant concessions offered, attractiveness of location, the quality of the property and the breadth and the quality of services provided. Our success depends upon, among other factors, trends of the global, national and local economies, the financial condition and operating results of current and prospective tenants and customers, the availability and cost of capital, construction and renovation costs, taxes, governmental regulations, legislation, population and employment trends, zoning laws, and our ability to lease, sublease or sell our properties, at profitable levels. Our success is also subject to our ability to refinance existing debt on acceptable terms as it comes due. See “