Item 1
Business
6
Item 1A
Risk Factors
14
Item 1B
Unresolved Staff Comments
28
Item 1C
Cybersecurity
28
Item 2
Properties
30
Item 3
Legal Proceedings
31
Item 4
Mine Safety Disclosures
31
Part II
Item 5
Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
32
Item 6
Reserved
33
Item 7
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
34
Item 7A
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
47
Item 8
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
49
Item 9
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
81
Item 9A
Controls and Procedures
81
Item 9B
Other Information
81
Item 9C
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
81
Part III
Item 10
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
82
Item 11
Executive Compensation
82
Item 12
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
82
Item 13
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
82
Item 14
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
82
Part IV
Item 15
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
83
Item 16
Form 10-K Summary
85
Signatures
86
WALMART INC.
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JANUARY 31, 2025
All references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the information incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference to information in the Proxy Statement of Walmart Inc. for its Annual Shareholders' Meeting to be held on June 5, 2025 and in the exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to "Walmart Inc.," "Walmart," "the Company," "our Company," "we," "us" and "our" are to the Delaware corporation named "Walmart Inc." and, except where expressly noted otherwise or the context otherwise requires, that corporation's consolidated subsidiaries.
PART I
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports, statements and information that Walmart Inc. (which individually or together with its subsidiaries, as the context otherwise requires, is referred to as "we," "Walmart" or the "Company") has filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") or may file with or furnish to the SEC in the future, and prior or future public announcements and presentations that we or our management have made or may make, include or may include, or incorporate or may incorporate by reference, statements that may be deemed to be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), that are intended to enjoy the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the Exchange Act as well as protections afforded by other federal securities laws.
Nature of Forward-Looking Statements
Such forward-looking statements are not statements of historical facts, but instead express our estimates or expectations for our consolidated, or one of our segment's, economic performance or results of operations for future periods or as of future dates or events or developments that may occur in the future or discuss our plans, objectives or goals. These forward-looking statements may relate to:
•
macroeconomic, geopolitical, and business conditions, trends and events around the world and in the markets in which we operate, including inflation or deflation, generally, and in certain product categories, the impact of supply chain challenges, tariffs and recessionary pressures;
•
the growth of our business or change in our competitive position in the future, or in or over particular periods, both generally, and with respect to particular markets, segments or lines of business, including, but not limited to, advertising, fulfillment, healthcare and financial services;
•
the amount, number, growth, increase, reduction or decrease in or over certain periods, of or in certain financial items or measures or operating measures, including our earnings per share, net sales, growth rates, comparable store and club sales, our eCommerce sales, liabilities, expenses of certain categories, including share-based compensation, expense leverage, operating income, returns, capital and operating investments or expenditures of particular types and new store and club openings, inventory levels and associated costs, product mix and demand for certain merchandise, consumer confidence, disposable income, credit availability, spending levels, shopping patterns and debt levels;
•
our increasing investments in eCommerce, technology (including the use of artificial intelligence "AI" and generative AI), automation, supply chain, new stores and clubs as well as remodels and other omni-channel customer initiatives, such as same day pickup and delivery;
•
investments and capital expenditures we will make and how certain of those investments and capital expenditures are expected to be financed;
•
our workforce strategy, including the availability of necessary personnel to staff our stores, clubs and other facilities and the potential impact of changes to the costs of labor;
•
volatility in currency exchange rates affecting our consolidated, or one or more of our segments' results of operations;
•
the Company continuing to provide returns to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, the use of share repurchase authorization over a certain period or the source of funding of a certain portion of our share repurchases;
•
our sources of liquidity, including our cash, continuing to be adequate or sufficient to fund our operations, finance our global investment and expansion activities, pay dividends and fund share repurchases;
•
cash flows from operations, our current cash position and access to capital markets or credit will continue to be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs;
•
our effective tax rate for certain periods and the realization of certain net deferred tax assets and the effects of resolutions of tax-related matters;
•
the adoption or creation of new, and modification of existing, governmental policies, programs, initiatives and actions in the markets in which we operate and elsewhere and actions with respect to such policies, programs and initiatives (including, but not limited to, changes in the enforcement priorities of regulatory authorities);
4
•
the effect of adverse decisions in, or settlement of, litigation or other proceedings or investigations to which we are subject;
•
the effect on our results of operations or financial position of our adoption of certain new, or amendments to existing, accounting standards; or
•
our commitments, intentions, plans or goals related to our shared value priorities, including, but not limited to, the sustainability of our environment and supply chains, the promotion of economic opportunity or other societal initiatives.
Our forward-looking statements may also include statements of our strategies, plans and objectives for our operations, including areas of future focus in our operations, and the assumptions underlying any of the forward-looking statements we make. The forward-looking statements we make can typically be identified by the use therein of words and phrases such as "aim," "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could be," "could increase," "could occur," "could result," "estimate," "expansion," "expect," "expectation," "expected to be," "focus," "forecast," "goal," "grow," "guidance," "intend," "invest," "is expected," "may continue," "may fluctuate," "may grow," "may impact," "may result," "objective," "plan," "priority," "project," "should," "strategy," "to be," "we'll," "we will," "will add," "will allow," "will be," "will benefit," "will change," "will come in at," "will continue," "will decrease," "will grow," "will have," "will impact," "will include," "will increase," "will open," "will remain," "will result," "will stay," "will strengthen," "would be," "would decrease" and "would increase," variations of such words or phrases, other phrases commencing with the word "will" or similar words and phrases denoting anticipated or expected occurrences or results.
The forward-looking statements that we make or that are made by others on our behalf are based on our knowledge of our business and our operating environment and assumptions that we believe to be or will believe to be reasonable when such forward-looking statements were or are made. As a consequence of the factors described above, the other risks, uncertainties and factors we disclose below and in the other reports as mentioned above, other risks not known to us at this time, changes in facts, assumptions not being realized or other circumstances, our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in or implied or contemplated by our forward-looking statements. Consequently, this cautionary statement qualifies all forward-looking statements we make or that are made on our behalf, including those made herein and incorporated by reference herein. We cannot assure you that the results or developments expected or anticipated by us will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that those results or developments will result in the expected consequences for us or affect us, our business, our operations or our operating results in the manner or to the extent we expect. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any of the forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances except to the extent required by applicable law.
5
ITEM 1.
BUSINESS
General
Walmart Inc. ("Walmart," the "Company" or "we") is a people-led, technology-powered omni-channel retailer dedicated to helping people around the world save money and live better by providing the opportunity to shop in both retail stores and through eCommerce, and to access our other service offerings. Through innovation, we strive to continuously improve a customer-centric experience that seamlessly integrates our eCommerce and retail stores in an omni-channel offering that saves time for our customers. Each week, we serve approximately 270 million customers who visit more than 10,750 stores and numerous eCommerce websites in 19 countries.
Our strategy is to make every day easier for busy families, operate with discipline, sharpen our culture and become more digital, and make trust a competitive advantage. Making life easier for busy families includes our commitment to price leadership, which has been and will remain a cornerstone of our business, as well as increasing convenience to save our customers time. By leading on price, we earn the trust of our customers every day by providing a broad assortment of quality merchandise and services at everyday low prices ("EDLP"). EDLP is our pricing philosophy under which we price items at a low price every day so our customers trust that our prices will not change under frequent promotional activity. Everyday low cost ("EDLC") is our commitment to control expenses so our cost savings can be passed along to our customers.
Our operations comprise three reportable segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam's Club U.S. Our fiscal year ends on January 31 for our United States ("U.S.") and Canadian operations. We consolidate all other operations generally using a one-month lag and on a calendar year basis. Our discussion is as of, and for the fiscal years ended, January 31, 2025 ("fiscal 2025"), January 31, 2024 ("fiscal 2024") and January 31, 2023 ("fiscal 2023"). During fiscal 2025, we generated total revenues of $681.0 billion, which primarily comprised net sales of $674.5 billion.
We maintain our principal offices in Bentonville, Arkansas. Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "WMT."
The Development of Our Company
The businesses conducted by our founders began in 1945 when Sam M. Walton opened a franchise Ben Franklin variety store in Newport, Arkansas. In 1946, his brother, James L. Walton, opened a similar store in Versailles, Missouri. Until 1962, our founders' business was devoted entirely to the operation of variety stores, at which time we began to open discount stores. We completed our initial public offering in 1970. In 1983, we opened our first Sam's Club, and in 1988, we opened our first supercenter. In 1998, we opened our first Walmart Neighborhood Market. In 1991, we began our first international initiative when we entered into a joint venture in Mexico and, as of January 31, 2025, our Walmart International segment conducted business in 18 countries.
In 1996, we began our first eCommerce initiative by creating both walmart.com and samsclub.com. Since then, our eCommerce presence has continued to grow. In 2007, leveraging our physical stores, walmart.com launched its Site-to-Store service, enabling customers to make a purchase online and pick up merchandise in stores. To date, we now have over 8,000 pickup and delivery locations globally. In 2018, we expanded our eCommerce and digital presence through acquisitions with our majority stakes in Flipkart and PhonePe in India. We continue to heavily invest in omni-channel and eCommerce innovation, which enables us to leverage technology, talent and expertise, and expand our assortment and service offerings.
We are enhancing our omni-channel capabilities through a combination of stores, eCommerce websites and service offerings, as well as our supply chain, combined with approximately 2.1 million associates as of January 31, 2025, to better serve our customers. Together, these elements produce a global retail ecosystem that we believe allows customers to view Walmart as their primary retail destination. In the U.S., our Walmart+ membership incorporates several service offerings which provide enhanced omni-channel shopping experiences and benefits for members. As we execute on our strategy globally, our business is expanding through offerings such as advertising, marketplace and fulfillment services, and financial services. These offerings represent mutually reinforcing pieces of our omni-channel model centered on our customers around the world who are increasingly seeking convenience.
Information About Our Segments
We are engaged in global operations of retail, wholesale and other units, as well as eCommerce, located throughout the U.S., Africa, Canada, Central America, Chile, China, India and Mexico. Our operations are conducted in three reportable segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam's Club U.S., which are further described below. Each segment contributes to the Company's operating results differently. However, each has generally maintained a consistent contribution rate to the Company's net sales in recent years other than minor changes to the contribution rate for the Walmart International segment due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Additional information on our operating segments and geographic information is contained in
Note 12
to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
6
Walmart U.S. Segment
Walmart U.S. is our largest segment and operates 4,605 stores in the U.S., including in all 50 states, Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico. Walmart U.S. is a mass merchandiser of consumer products, operating under the "Walmart" and "Walmart Neighborhood Market" brands, including walmart.com. Walmart U.S. had net sales of $462.4 billion for fiscal 2025, representing 69% of our fiscal 2025 consolidated net sales, and had net sales of $441.8 billion and $420.6 billion for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Omni-channel.
Walmart U.S. provides a convenient and seamless omni-channel experience to customers, integrating retail stores and eCommerce. Substantially all our stores provide same-day pickup and delivery, including offerings such as express delivery within 90 minutes, in-home delivery and digital pharmacy fulfillment options. Our Walmart+ membership offering provides enhanced omni-channel shopping benefits including unlimited free shipping on eligible items with no order minimum, unlimited delivery from store, fuel discounts, mobile Scan & Go and access to additional member benefits. The following table provides the approximate size of our retail stores as of January 31, 2025:
Minimum Square Feet
Maximum Square Feet
Average Square Feet
Supercenters (general merchandise and grocery)
69,000
260,000
178,000
Discount stores (general merchandise and limited grocery)
30,000
206,000
105,000
Neighborhood markets
(1)
(grocery)
28,000
65,000
42,000
(1)
Excludes other small formats.
Merchandise and Other Offerings.
Walmart U.S. does business primarily in three strategic merchandise units, listed below:
•
Grocery consists of a full line of grocery items, including dry grocery, snacks, dairy, meat, produce, deli and bakery, frozen foods, alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages, as well as consumables such as health and beauty aids, pet supplies, household chemicals, paper goods and baby products;
•
General merchandise includes:
◦
Entertainment (e.g., electronics, toys, seasonal merchandise, wireless, video games, movies, music and books);
◦
Hardlines (e.g., automotive, hardware and paint, sporting goods, outdoor living and stationery);
◦
Fashion (e.g., apparel for adults and children, as well as shoes, jewelry and accessories); and
◦
Home (e.g., housewares and small appliances, bed and bath, furniture and home organization, home furnishings, home decor, fabrics and crafts).
•
Health and wellness includes pharmacy, over-the-counter drugs and other medical products, and optical services.
Periodically, revisions are made to the categorization of the components comprising our strategic merchandise units. When revisions are made, the previous periods' presentation is adjusted to maintain comparability.
Brand name merchandise represents a significant portion of the merchandise sold in Walmart U.S. We also market lines of merchandise under our private brands, including brands such as: "Allswell," "Athletic Works," "bettergoods," "Equate," "Free Assembly," "Freshness Guaranteed," "George," "Great Value," "Holiday Time," "Hyper Tough," "Mainstays," "Marketside," "No Boundaries," "onn.," "Ozark Trail," "Parent's Choice," "Sam's Choice," "Scoop," "Spring Valley," "Time and Tru," "Way to Celebrate" and "Wonder Nation." The Company also markets lines of merchandise under licensed brands, some of which include: "Avia," "Better Homes & Gardens," "Sofia Jeans by Sofia Vergara," and "The Pioneer Woman."
Other offerings in the Walmart U.S. business include in-house advertising for brands and online marketplace sellers, supply chain and fulfillment capabilities to online marketplace sellers, and data analytics and insights for merchants and suppliers.
Additional offerings include fuel, financial services and related products such as money orders, prepaid access, money transfers, check cashing, bill payment and certain types of installment lending.
Distribution.
We continue to invest in supply chain automation and utilize a total of 164 distribution facilities which are located strategically throughout the U.S. For fiscal 2025, the majority of Walmart U.S.'s purchases of store merchandise were shipped through these facilities, while most of the remaining store merchandise we purchased was shipped directly from suppliers. General merchandise and dry grocery merchandise is transported primarily through the segment's private truck fleet; however, we contract with common carriers to transport the majority of our perishable grocery merchandise. We ship merchandise purchased by customers on our eCommerce platforms by a number of methods from multiple locations by leveraging our ability to deliver directly from stores and shipping from our 29 dedicated eCommerce fulfillment centers.
7
Walmart International Segment
Walmart International is our second largest segment and operates 5,566 stores across 18 countries outside of the U.S. Walmart International operates through our wholly-owned subsidiaries in Canada, Chile, China, and Africa (which includes Botswana, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Eswatini, and Zambia), and our majority-owned subsidiaries in India, as well as Mexico and Central America (which includes Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua).
Walmart International includes numerous formats divided into two major categories: retail and wholesale. These categories consist of many formats, including: supercenters, supermarkets, warehouse clubs (including our membership-only Sam's Club format) and cash and carry, as well as eCommerce through websites and mobile applications, including walmart.com.mx, walmart.ca, flipkart.com, PhonePe and other sites. Walmart International had net sales of $121.9 billion for fiscal 2025, representing 18% of our fiscal 2025 consolidated net sales, and had net sales of $114.6 billion and $101.0 billion for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Walmart International's strategy is to bring Walmart to the world and the world to Walmart, which means we help millions of customers and members save money and live better every day by leveraging our global ecosystem and deep local expertise to provide access to affordable products and services. In addition, we share what we learn in our markets to help the enterprise innovate and grow even faster. We are being deliberate about where and how we choose to operate and continue to re-shape the portfolio to best enable long-term, sustainable and profitable growth. As such, we have taken certain strategic actions to strengthen our Walmart International portfolio for the long-term, which include the following highlights over the last three years:
•
Bought out the noncontrolling interest shareholders of our Massmart subsidiary in November 2022 and exited operations in certain countries in Africa.
•
Increased our ownership in PhonePe, our digital payments platform in India, as part of the separation from Flipkart in December 2022.
•
Sold our equity investment in JD.com in August 2024.
Omni-channel.
Walmart International provides a convenient and seamless omni-channel experience to customers, integrating retail stores and eCommerce, such as through our pickup and delivery services in most of our markets, including same-day delivery. We continue to expand our marketplace offerings, which also further unlocks fulfillment and advertising services.
Generally, retail units' selling areas range in size from 1,400 square feet to 186,000 square feet. Our wholesale stores' selling areas generally range in size from 25,000 square feet to 158,000 square feet. As of January 31, 2025, Walmart International had approximately 2,900 pickup and delivery locations.
Merchandise and Other Offerings.
The merchandising strategy for Walmart International is similar to that of our operations in the U.S. in terms of the breadth and scope of merchandise offered for sale. While brand name merchandise accounts for a majority of our sales, we have both leveraged U.S. private brands and developed market specific private brands to serve our customers with high quality, low priced items. Along with the private brands we market globally, such as "Equate," "George," "Great Value," "Holiday Time," "Mainstays," "Marketside" and "Parent's Choice," our international markets have developed market specific brands including "Aurrera" and "Lider." In addition, we have developed and continue to grow our relationships with regional and local suppliers in each market to ensure reliable sources of quality merchandise that is equal to national brands at low prices.
Consistent with its strategy, Walmart International continues to build mutually reinforcing businesses in areas such as advertising, marketplace and fulfillment services, financial services and healthcare. Our businesses in Mexico and Canada, for example, offer prepaid cards and money transfers, and our PhonePe business in India continues to grow, providing a platform that offers mobile and bill payment, person-to-person (P2P) payment, investment and insurance solutions, financial services and advertising. In Mexico, we also offer a value-based internet and telephone service enhancing customer experiences through digital connectivity.
Distribution.
We utilize a total of 184 distribution facilities located in Canada, Central America, Chile, China, India, Mexico and Africa. Through these facilities, we process and distribute both imported and domestic products to the operating units of the Walmart International segment. During fiscal 2025, the majority of Walmart International's purchases passed through these distribution facilities. Suppliers ship the remainder of Walmart International's purchases directly to our stores in the various markets in which we operate. Across the segment, we have efficient networks connecting physical stores and distribution and fulfillment centers, which facilitate the movement of goods to where our customers live.
8
Sam's Club U.S. Segment
Sam's Club U.S. is a membership-only club that operates 600 clubs in 44 states in the U.S. and Puerto Rico and also operates samsclub.com. Sam's Club U.S. had net sales of $90.2 billion for fiscal 2025, representing 13% of our consolidated fiscal 2025 net sales, and had net sales of $86.2 billion and $84.3 billion for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. As a membership-only club, membership income is a significant component of the segment's operating income.
Membership.
The following two options are available to members:
Plus Membership
Club Membership
Annual Membership Fee
$110
$50
Number of Add-on Memberships ($45 each)
Up to 16
Up to 8
All memberships include a spouse/household card at no additional cost. Club members are eligible for free curbside pickup with orders of $50 or greater. Plus members receive free curbside pickup, free delivery-from-club and free shipping on orders of $50 or greater, exclusive discounts and convenience offers, and the ability to shop before regular shopping hours. Beginning in fiscal 2023, Sam's Club U.S. launched a rewards program through which members may earn Sam's Cash on purchases that can be redeemed for cash, used for purchases, or used to pay membership fees.
Omni-channel.
Sam's Club U.S. provides a fast and seamless omni-channel experience to members, integrating physical clubs and eCommerce. Curbside pickup provides fast, easy and contact-free shopping for members; Scan & Go mobile checkout and payment solution allows members to bypass the checkout line; and Just Go, launched in fiscal 2025, provides members with a friction-free exit experience. The warehouse facility sizes generally range between 94,000 and 168,000 square feet, with an average size of approximately 134,000 square feet.
Merchandise.
Sam's Club U.S. offers merchandise in the following four merchandise categories:
•
Grocery consists of dairy, meat, bakery, deli, produce, dry, chilled or frozen packaged foods, alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages, floral, snack foods, candy, other grocery items, as well as consumables such as health and beauty aids, paper goods, laundry and home care, baby care, pet supplies and other consumable items;
•
General merchandise includes home, hardlines and seasonal items (such as home improvement, outdoor living, gardening, furniture, apparel, jewelry, tools and power equipment, housewares, toys and mattresses), as well as technology and entertainment items (such as consumer electronics and accessories, software, video games, office supplies, appliances and third-party gift cards);
•
Health and wellness includes pharmacy, optical and hearing services, over-the-counter drugs; and protein and nutrition; and
•
Fuel and other categories.
Within the categories above, the Member's Mark private label brand continues to expand its assortment and deliver member value. Periodically, revisions are made to the categorization of the components comprising our strategic merchandise units. When revisions are made, the previous periods' presentation is adjusted to maintain comparability.
Distribution.
Sam's Club U.S. utilizes 31 dedicated distribution facilities located strategically throughout the U.S., as well as some of the Walmart U.S. segment's distribution facilities which service the Sam's Club U.S. segment for certain items. Sam's Club U.S. uses a combination of our private truck fleet, as well as common carriers, to transport perishable and non-perishable merchandise from distribution facilities to clubs. During fiscal 2025, the majority of Sam's Club U.S.'s non-fuel club purchases were shipped from these facilities, while the remainder of our purchases were shipped directly to Sam's Club U.S. locations by suppliers. Sam's Club U.S. ships merchandise purchased on samsclub.com and through its mobile applications by a number of methods including shipments made directly from clubs, 14 dedicated eCommerce fulfillment centers and other distribution centers.
9
Other Information
Competition.
We compete with brick and mortar, eCommerce and omni-channel retailers operating discount, department, retail and wholesale grocery, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, and supercenter-type stores, membership-only warehouse clubs, gasoline stations, social commerce platforms, as well as companies that offer services in digital advertising, fulfillment and delivery services, health and wellness and financial services. Our ability to develop and effectively operate different formats at the right locations and to deliver a customer-centric omni-channel experience largely determines our competitive position in the retail industry within the markets where we operate. Each of these landscapes is highly competitive and rapidly evolving, and new business models and the entry of new, well-funded competitors continue to intensify this competition. Some of our competitors have longer histories in these lines of business, more customers and greater brand recognition. They may be able to obtain more favorable terms from suppliers and business partners and to devote greater resources to the development of these businesses. In addition, for eCommerce and other internet-based businesses, newer or smaller businesses may be better able to innovate and compete with us.
We compete in a variety of ways, including the prices at which we sell our merchandise, merchandise and selection availability, services offered to customers, the quality of the products and services we offer, location, store hours, in-store amenities, the shopping convenience and overall shopping experience we offer, the attractiveness and ease of use of our digital platforms, cost and speed of and options for delivery to customers of merchandise purchased through our digital platforms or through our omni-channel integration of our physical and digital operations. We employ many strategies and programs designed to meet competitive pressures within our industry. These strategies include the following:
•
EDLP: our pricing philosophy under which we price items at everyday low prices so our customers trust that our prices will not change under frequent promotional activity;
•
EDLC: everyday low cost is our commitment to control expenses so our cost savings can be passed along to our customers;
•
Omni-channel offerings such as pickup and delivery, all of which enhance convenience and seek to serve customers in the ways they want to be served; and
•
Expanding our ecosystem and the products and services we offer in areas such as digital advertising, marketplace and fulfillment services, health and wellness, and financial services to provide our customers a broader set of offerings to meet expanding needs.
Seasonal Aspects of Operations.
Our business is seasonal to a certain extent and varies by country due to different national and religious holidays, festivals and customs, as well as different weather patterns. Historically, our highest sales volume for each segment has occurred in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year.
Suppliers and Supply Chain.
As a retailer and warehouse club operator, we utilize a global supply chain that includes both U.S. and international suppliers from whom we purchase the merchandise that we sell in our stores, clubs and online. In many instances, we purchase merchandise from producers located near the stores and clubs in which such merchandise will be sold, particularly products in the "fresh" category. Consistent with applicable laws, we offer our suppliers the opportunity to efficiently sell significant quantities of their products to us. These relationships enable us to obtain pricing that reflects the volume, certainty and cost-effectiveness these arrangements provide to such suppliers, which in turn enables us to provide low prices to our customers. Our suppliers are subject to standards of conduct, including requirements that they comply with local labor laws, local worker safety laws and other applicable laws. Our ability to acquire from our suppliers the assortment and volume of products we wish to offer to our customers, to receive those products within the required time through our supply chain and to distribute those products to our stores and clubs, determines, along with other supply chain logistics matters (such as containers or port access for example), in part, our in-stock levels in our stores and clubs and the attractiveness of our merchandise assortment we offer to our customers and members.
Intellectual Property.
We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as important to our success, and with respect to our associates, customers and others, we rely on trademark, copyright, and patent laws, trade-secret protection, and confidentiality and/or license agreements to protect our proprietary rights. We have registered, or applied for the registration of, a number of U.S. and international domain names, trademarks, service marks and copyrights. Additionally, we have filed U.S. and international patent applications covering certain of our proprietary technology. We have licensed in the past, and expect that we may license in the future, certain of our proprietary rights to third parties.
Government Regulation.
As a company with global operations, we are subject to the laws of the United States and multiple foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions. For additional information, see the risk factors herein in "